# CS210
The project was to provide the client/user a summary of the produce purchased at the Corner Grocer by inputting data from an external file.  The program uses both C++ and Python while outputting the information in three different methods.  The program must display the purchased items and the number purchased; the user specific requested purchase item and the number of purchases; and a histogram display of all the purchased items.  

One aspect that was done well on this project was the design towards the user.  I continued to look at the display and continued to tweak the code to allow a more visually appealing output.  This was helped largely using Python’s print functions.  With that, there are parts that could have been improved on for the next time.  The MAIN code is a bit busy.  As an afterthought, I could have cleaned up the code by placing some of the C++ code into other modules.  The breaking up of MAIN could allow troubleshooting to work better for the future.  Additionally, all the variables were public in the C++ code.  The breaking into modules would have allowed for private variables to be created too.  

Overall this project was challenging.  However, something that really gave me a problem was the menu which I set up as a switch statement.  I do not know why, but I always seem to be missing something and the switch statement will not work for me on the first pass.  Then when I am done, I think of how simple it is.  It really goes back to the devil is in the details.  The problem is that I always miss something small when I first write the switch statement.  

The exciting part of writing the code for this project was it help pull all that I have learned this term together.  Therefore, I strongly believe all the skills I used on this project will be transferable to any future projects.  And I hope that when I look back at this project that I would be able to pick it up and make it better.  This is because I tried to leave detailed comments throughout the code.  In addition, I also used variable naming conventions that reflected what and where they went.  Hence, the code should be easy to follow for myself or others.  
